{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 It\'92s not the publishers job to secure reviews for an article. \
\
It should be the author\'92s responsibility. \
\
The publisher should provide the platform. \
\
So, what about this \'97 PGP encrypted publishing, immediate, and time stamped.\
\
PGP encryption is lifted - or access granted once the article is peer review. \
\
Gaining access to the article is granted only to reviewers. \
\
Reviewers, to see the article, must commit to making a public review. They sign up, receive a key, and unlock the article for them. The only copies that circulate are the author\'92s copies, and the copies that reviewers have received. All dissemination of content can be traced back to the creator, and/or the reviewers. \
\
Bitcoins. Pay to upload the article is given in bitcoin. Bitcoins are allocated to the article and identified on the site. Once a review is complete, verified by the author, the author can release bitcoin to the reviewer. \
\
Anonymous creation of the website. Anonymous running. Running on tor circuits. Running with python. \
\
Each article needs to have a motivational line for the preview. motivational line should say something about what the article does. \
\
It is possible that people game the system by creating fake reviews just for the bitcoin. Also, authors can reject reviews if they don\'92t like them.\
\
\
What do I need to do:\
\
Mauricio VRT Lab report\
\
Apply to start master's thesis\
Collect EEG data for master's thesis \
	make sure I can still do this in the basement\
Find a room to rent starting December 1st \
Contact my Dad, my Brother, and my Mom - you haven't been keeping in touch.\
Postpone loan payments\
Apply for PhD at Mind & Brain \
Apply for PhD someplace else \
Learn the connection btw Python - DJANGO and how to use it\
Learn stats and Machine Learning\
Need to see an eye doctor about double vision\
Need to titrate off amp for a little bit (week?)\
Fraunhofer ends. Do I write them an email, or say goodbye at all?\
German lessons? What happened?\
Gym membership? What happened?\
\
I'm on a computer all the time, naturally, I want to create something on it. }